c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.exe.config
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.exe
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.pdb
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.xml
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.Form1.resources
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.Resources.resources
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.exe
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.xml
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.pdb
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.exe.manifest
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.application
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.exe.manifest
c:\users\braqobi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.application
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.exe.config
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.exe.manifest
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.application
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.exe
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.pdb
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\bin\Debug\Text_to_speech.xml
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.Form1.resources
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.Resources.resources
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.exe.manifest
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.application
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.exe
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.xml
C:\Users\braQobi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Text_to_speech\Text_to_speech\obj\Debug\Text_to_speech.pdb
